# Essential Dark Web Statistics for 2025

**Source:** https://moneyzine.com/resources/dark-web-statistics/
**Date:** 2025-01-01

Essential Dark Web Statistics for 2025Personal FinanceBudgetingBudgeting Tools Budgeting GuidesCalculatorsInvestment Calculator College Savings Calculator Mortgage Payoff Calculator Credit Card Payoff Calculator Retirement Calculator Wage Garnishment Calculator Escrow Calculator Future Value Calculator Hybrid Car Calculator DebtDebt Snowball SpreadsheetDebt Avalanche SpreadsheetMore Debt Guides RetirementIs $1 Million Enough to Retire?Retirement Planning ResourcesMore Retirement Guides TaxTax Software More Tax GuidesTools & Guides Personal Finance Tools ProductsFacts and Figures on Personal FinanceMore Personal Finance Guides InsuranceLeasing or Buying a CarBuying a Home Net WorthInvestingInvesting GuidesBest Investment Apps Best ETF PlatformsYieldstreet Review Best Way to Invest $1,000How to Invest in VTSAX How to Invest in VOO Why Roth IRA Is Bad Passive Real Estate Investing Mutual FundsInvesting DictionaryMasterworks ReviewMore Investment GuidesTradingBest US Trading PlatformsBest Trading AppsAutomated Trading PlatformsBest Day Trading Platforms USOptions Trading PlatformsBest Forex Brokers for BeginnersBest Swap-Free BrokersBest Commodity Trading Apps StocksInvesting in StocksBest Swing Trading StocksBest Stocks for Day TradingMost Active Penny StocksBest EV Battery Penny StocksBest Hydrogen StocksNew Penny StocksBest Stocks Under $2Best Stocks Under $1Best Technology Penny StocksCheapest Penny StocksCryptocurrenciesBest Crypto ExchangesBest Cryptocurrency AppsBest Dogecoin ExchangesBest Binance AlternativesBest Coinbase AlternativesCrypto.com vs Coinbase More Crypto GuidesCreditCredit Card Guides Best Credit CardsBest Cashback Credit CardsGuaranteed Approval Credit Cards for Bad Credit Best Travel Credit CardsHow Do Credit Cards Work How to Build Credit With a Credit CardHow to Get a Credit CardPaying Credit Card Debt With AnotherCredit Card Payoff SpreadsheetWhat Your Credit Card Says About YouMore Credit GuidesCredit BuildersAvant Credit Card ReviewCapital One Platinum Credit Card ReviewChime Credit Card Review Mission Lane Credit Card Review Reflex Credit Card Review Self Credit Card Review Tomo Credit Card Review Credit Card Comparisons Capital One Platinum vs Quicksilver Chase Freedom Unlimited vs Capital One QuicksilverCapital One Venture vs Venture X Capital One Venture X vs Amex Gold Amex Gold vs Blue Cash PreferredCapital One SavorOne vs QuicksilverCapital One Venture vs QuicksilverCredit Card ReviewsCaesars Credit Card Review Sun County Credit Card Review Uber Pro Credit Card Review Destiny Credit Card Review eBay Credit Card Review CheapOair Credit Card Review Credit ScoreHow to Build Credit Score How Long to Build Credit Credit Score Ranges ExplainedMore Guides on Credit ScoreMortgagesBest Refinance Companies More Mortgage GuidesStudent LoansWhat Increases Your Loan BalanceHow to Reduce Loan Cost More Student Loan GuidesHow to Pay Off $100k in Student Loans Controlling Student Debt Refinancing Student Loans Student Loan ForbearanceLoansBankingEveryday AccountsBest Checking AccountsHigh-Yield Savings AccountsBest Savings Accounts Best Multi-Currency AccountsPassive IncomeInterest on $1 Million Interest on $2 Million Interest on $4 Million More Guides on Passive IncomeMore Banking GuidesMoney TransferMoney Transfer GuidesBest Money Transfer CompaniesBest Money Transfer Apps How to Send Money Instantly How to Find IBAN IBAN vs Routing NumberDirect Deposit vs Wire TransfersTelegraphic Transfers ExplainedMoney Transfer ReviewsXE Money Transfer ReviewWorldRemit ReviewWise ReviewWise vs Revolut VertoFX ReviewTorFX ReviewRia Money Transfer ReviewKey Currency ReviewCurrencies Direct ReviewCash App vs Venmo Popular DestinationsSend Money to Australia Send Money to Brazil Send Money to CanadaSend Money to China Send Money to Spain Send Money to Mexico Send Money to Nigeria Send Money to the Philippines Send Money to the USA More Money Transfer GuidesShopEnglishContentsTop 10 Dark Web Statistics and Facts for 2025General Dark Web FactsDark Web Usage Statistics for 2023Scary Dark Web Marketplace FactsDeep Web Market Prices in 2023Darknet and Deep Web Statistics: The TakeawayDark Web Statistics FAQ/Resources/Essential Dark Web Statistics for 2025Essential Dark Web Statistics for 2025Author: Radovan SekulicEditor: Ben MendelowitzFact Checker: Karen IdornLast updated on November 20th, 2023Advertiser DisclosureContentsTop 10 Dark Web Statistics and Facts for 2025General Dark Web FactsDark Web Usage Statistics for 2023Scary Dark Web Marketplace FactsDeep Web Market Prices in 2023Darknet and Deep Web Statistics: The TakeawayDark Web Statistics FAQWe’ve heard a lot about the Dark Web in recent years — but how much do we really know about this mysterious part of the internet? In this overview of recent Dark Web statistics, we’ll start by examining the darknet in the context of the World Wide Web. The Moneyzine.com stats team will then look at the usage data for Tor, the go-to browser for accessing the Dark Web. Finally, we’ll focus on the notorious Dark Web marketplaces, explore their history, and review the latest prices of various illicit items.Top 10 Dark Web Statistics and Facts for 2025The Dark Web makes up an estimated 5% of the total internet.Tor averaged more than 4.61 million daily users in Q3 of 2023.Germans accounted for 52.56% of Tor’s direct daily users in Q3 of 2023.29.61% of Tor’s bridge users in Q3 of 2023 connected from Russia.Only 6.7% of Tor’s daily users engage in illegal activity on the Dark Web.At least 500,000 users regularly visit Dark Web marketplaces.With a 28% market share, BlackSprut is the largest Dark Web marketplace.Hydra’s 2022 collapse led to an 89.4% drop in darknet market revenue.As of Q1 of 2023, a forged Maltese passport cost $4,000 on the Dark Web.Premium-quality malware sold on the Dark Web for $4,500 in Q1 of 2023.General Dark Web FactsThe Dark Web makes up an estimated 5% of the total internet.As its contents are unindexed, it’s impossible to determine the Dark Web’s exact size. However, experts estimate it accounts for no more than 5% of the internet. In fact, the Dark Web is a small subset of a much larger Deep Web — a part of the internet containing all the pages hidden from search engines for privacy and security reasons. Meanwhile, the visible part of the internet all users can access is known as the Surface Web, and it hosts an estimated 19 terabytes of data.The Deep Web accounts for up to 99% of the entire internet.According to estimates, the size of this hidden web stands at 7,500 terabytes — making it about 400 times larger than the Surface Web. But illicit content takes up only a tiny fraction of that space. The vast majority of the Deep Web comprises perfectly legal content not meant for public consumption. This includes everything from academic papers and government documents to private, password-protected data like online banking, medical records, and email accounts.70% of people worldwide don’t understand how the Dark Web works.Despite being much talked about in recent years, darknet stats from a January 2023 survey reveal that 7 out of 10 people in select countries don’t understand what the Dark Web is or how it works. At 82%, Japan has the largest share of people unfamiliar with the concept of the Dark Web. Similar unfamiliarity levels were recorded in New Zealand (80%), France (73%), Australia (72%), and the United Kingdom (72%). Of the surveyed countries, Germany (65%), India (58%), and the United States (55%) had the smallest share of people unfamiliar with the Dark Web.The history of the Dark Web dates back to the year 2000.The internet itself started out as a private network before becoming publicly available. In that sense, the history of the Deep Web is as old as the history of the internet. But if we focus solely on the Dark Web, stats show its history dates back to 2000, when Ian Clarke released Freenet, his thesis project. A student at the University of Edinburgh, Clarke aimed to create a system of data storage and retrieval that would be decentralized, thus allowing for anonymous file sharing and communication. Only two years later, his thesis project would serve as the basis for the Tor Project, a non-profit group that launched the anonymous Tor browser in 2008.Most internet users rely on the Tor browser to access the Dark Web.The aforementioned Tor browser has established itself as the go-to browser for accessing the Dark Web. Though there are other browsers with similar functionality, Deep Web statistics point to Tor as the most popular — with 5.92 million new downloads worldwide in 2023’s third quarter.Short for “The Onion Router,” Tor uses the decentralized onion routing network to allow users to browse the internet anonymously. Unlike VPNs, which also provide anonymity, it reroutes the users’ traffic through a network of nodes rather than just a single server. This way, Tor makes it much more difficult to trace the traffic back to the original user. Additionally, Tor enables users to access darknet sites hosted on .onion domains, something most common browsers can’t do.Dark Web Usage Statistics for 2023Tor averaged more than 4.61 million daily users in Q3 of 2023.While it’s impossible to say precisely how many people regularly access the Deep Web and the Dark Web, looking at the number of Tor users could help paint a clearer picture. Between July 1 and September 30, 2023, this anonymous browser averaged over 4.61 million daily users, with more than 4.45 million connecting to it directly. During the same period, another 158,530 people connected to the browser via undisclosed servers. Also known as “bridges,” these secret relays allow people from countries with strict internet censorship laws to use the Tor browser safely.Germans accounted for 52.56% of Tor’s direct daily users in Q3 of 2023.Looking at the Dark Web numbers provided by Tor, the anonymous browser had approximately 2.34 million daily users during this period connecting from German IP addresses. Americans ranked second, accounting for 593,761 (13.33%) of Tor’s direct daily users. The top 10 for this period also includes users from India (2.19%), Finland (2.16%), Russia (1.82%), Indonesia (1.63%), Netherlands (1.46%), United Kingdom (1.45%), France (1.42%), and Iran (1.08%).29.61% of Tor’s bridge users in Q3 of 2023 connected from Russia.Back in 2021, Russians accounted for 14% of Tor’s direct daily users. But in December of that year, Russian authorities started blocking people’s access to Tor, describing it as a cover for illegal activities. Since then, local users have had to use bridges to connect to the browser.Deep Web stats from 2023’s third quarter reveal that Iranians made up 24.44% of Tor’s bridge users, while people from the United States accounted for 15.08%. The top 10 for the period also included users from Germany (2.77%), Turkmenistan (2.39%), China (2.38%), France (1.83%), United Kingdom (1.77%), Netherlands (1.37%), and India (1.27% of Tor’s daily bridge users).Pakistanis are most likely to look up the term “Dark Web” on Google.Another way to gauge people’s interest in the Dark Web is to examine the percentage of those who look up the term “Dark Web” on Google. Between January 2019 and September 2023, the majority of those queries came from underdeveloped countries with well-documented instances of internet censorship. Pakistan topped the list with 100 index points (maximum), followed by Kenya (89 points) and Myanmar (87 points). The top 10 also included Bangladesh (78), Ethiopia (75), Nepal (75), Cameroon (67), Tanzania (66), Nigeria (65), and Sri Lanka (63 index points).Globally, 12% of internet users have used Dark Web technologies.According to the most recent survey on the use of technologies that enable access to the Dark and Deep Web, India had the highest percentage of users at 26%. Russia was second, with 22% of local netizens saying they have used tools like Tor to access the Deep Web. Brazil (21%), Indonesia (20%), Turkey (16%), South Africa (16%), and Sweden (16%) all made the top five. At 10%, the US ranked 11th — the same as Australia, Hong Kong, Germany, and Japan.Only 6.7% of Tor’s daily users engage in illegal activity on the Dark Web.A recent study found that only a tiny portion of Tor’s daily users connect to the Dark Web with the intent to engage in illicit activities. This suggests that most people use Tor to surf the internet anonymously. Interestingly, the percentage of users engaging in malicious activities is higher in countries with no internet restrictions (7.8% of Tor’s daily users) than in either those with some censorship (6.7%) or those where the government strictly limits people’s internet access (4.8%).Scary Dark Web Marketplace FactsAt least 500,000 users regularly visit Dark Web marketplaces.Dark Web marketplaces are much like ecommerce websites on the Surface Web, but with one major difference — they mainly sell illicit and/or illegally obtained goods. These include stolen login credentials, credit card details, medical records, and cryptocurrencies. According to the latest available data, Dark Web marketplaces have at least half a million users with more than 2,400 sellers. In all, these marketplaces have recorded over 320,000 transactions, with more than 4,650 Bitcoin and 12,800 Monero — the go-to Dark Web cryptocurrency — transferred.With a 28% market share, BlackSprut is the largest Dark Web marketplace.BlackSprut placed first in a recent ranking of Dark Web marketplaces based on the amount of money deposited between January and November 2022. Known for drug trafficking and its alleged links to Russia, BlackSprut was the subject of a media controversy when several billboards for the marketplace were spotted in Moscow in early 2023. According to news reports at the time, it was unclear if these were paid ads or if the electronic billboards were hacked.Other large markets include Mega (22%), OMG! OMG! (17%), Solaris (13%), and ASAP (7%).Silk Road, the first major Dark Web marketplace, was shut down in 2013.One of the most notorious Dark Web incidents occurred in October 2013, when the FBI shut down Silk Road, the then-largest Dark Web marketplace. Founded by Ross William Ulbricht in 2011, Silk Road quickly established itself as the go-to destination for illegal items, particularly illegal drugs. When the FBI arrested Ulbricht in 2013 for money laundering and drug trafficking, among other offenses, the criminal complaint revealed the marketplace had generated over $1.2 billion in just two years. Moreover, its operators had made another $80 million in commissions.In May 2015, Ulbricht was sentenced to life in prison without parole. He was also ordered to pay restitution of $183 million — the estimated value of Silk Road’s drug and counterfeit ID sales.The Russian-linked Hydra marketplace had a $1 billion turnover in 2020.The story of Hydra is yet another in a series of creepy facts about the Dark Web. Back in 2020, this Russian-speaking marketplace was the world’s biggest darknet market. Worse yet, it was the largest marketplace for illegal drugs in all the countries of the former USSR. But much like its predecessor Silk Road, it didn’t last long. In April 2022, local authorities took down Hydra’s Germany-based servers and seized $25 million in Bitcoin. The investigation revealed that Hydra had more than 19,000 sellers and a total of 17 million customers during its two years of activity.Hydra’s 2022 collapse led to an 89.4% drop in darknet market revenue.Dark Web statistics show that all marketplaces had a combined daily revenue of $4.2 million shortly before Hydra was shut down in April 2022. Only days later, the remaining marketplaces managed a total of $447,000 — a staggering 89.4% decline. According to analysts, the market gradually recovered as the year progressed, with most Hydra sellers and buyers initially moving to the OMG! OMG! marketplace, which went on to dominate the market for 50 days. And while OMG! OMG! retained some of those new users, many soon migrated to BlackSprut and Mega.In May 2023, Europol arrested 288 Dark Web vendors from nine countries.Part of the operation to close the Monopoly marketplace, the arrests shed light on some scary facts about the Dark Web. Namely, during the operation, the authorities seized $53.4 million in cash and cryptocurrency, 117 firearms, and 850 kg (1,874 pounds) of illegal drugs. The drugs included 258 kg (568.8 pounds) of amphetamines, 43 kg (94.8 pounds) each of MDMA and cocaine, and another 10 kg (22 pounds) of LSD and ecstasy pills. The marketplace’s founder, a man with dual Croatian-Serbian citizenship, was previously arrested and extradited to the US.Deep Web Market Prices in 2023As of Q1 of 2023, a forged Maltese passport cost $4,000 on the Dark Web.At that price, Maltese passports were the most expensive forged physical documents on darknet markets. French, Dutch, and select EU passports all cost $3,000 apiece, Polish passports went for $2,500 each, US passports sold for $2,000, while Lithuanian passports cost $1,800 each. Other popular physical documents included EU driver’s licenses ($2,000 apiece), EU national IDs ($1,700 on average), forged US green cards ($450), and IDs of several US states ($200).Stolen credit card data cost no more than $110 apiece in Q1 of 2023.Dark Web crime statistics show that the most expensive stolen credit card details with a $5,000 balance sold for just $110, and those with a balance of $1,000 cost $70 each. Hacked accounts on Card.com — popular issuer of prepaid VISA cards — went for $75 apiece, while stolen digital banking credentials with at least $2,000 available sold for $60. At the same time, hacked credit cards from countries other than the US sold for between $20 (e.g., Spain) and $35 (e.g., UAE).In Q1 of 2023, verified crypto exchange accounts sold for as little as $70.This was the price of a hacked account on the peer-to-peer exchange LocalBitcoins, which has since shut down. Unsurprisingly, facts about the Dark Web show that accounts on the more popular exchanges had higher asking prices. They ranged from $85 for a Blockchain.com account to $300 for a Crypto.com account to $1,170 for a Kraken account. Hacked and verified Wirex and N26 accounts commanded the highest prices — $2,300 and $2,650, respectively.While stolen accounts across other categories saw year-over-year price drops, Deep Web facts reveal that crypto was up from 2022. That’s because digital currencies went stagnant between Q3 of 2022 and Q1 of 2023, resulting in less interest in buying crypto during this period. And since fewer people were investing in cryptocurrency, there were fewer new accounts to hack.Premium-quality malware sold on the Dark Web for $4,500 in Q1 of 2023.One of the many creepy Dark Web facts is that marketplaces don’t just sell forged and stolen documents and credentials — they also sell malicious software hackers can use to infect their targets. As of 2023’s first quarter, top-quality malware sold for $4,500 per 1,000 installations. High-quality malware with a slightly lower success rate went for $1,500–$1,600 (depending on the target region), and medium-quality malware with a 70% success rate sold for up to $700.In Q1 of 2023, prices of DDoS attacks on the Dark Web ranged from $10 to $750.Not only is the Dark Web’s DDoS market still active in 2023, but the prices of attacks are lower than ever. Ranging from $10 for an hour-long attack to $750 for a month-long attack, each with 10,000–15,000 requests per second, the prices depend on a variety of factors. Attacks with a smaller number of requests typically sell for less, and the target networks’ protection level also impacts the price. DDoS attacks remain a huge problem for companies and institutions around the world, especially as their frequency went up by 314% between H1 of 2022 and H2 of 2023.Darknet and Deep Web Statistics: The TakeawayAlthough it only constitutes a tiny part of the Deep Web and an even tinier part of the internet, the Dark Web is by no means insignificant. Millions of people regularly use Tor, which allows them to surf the Web anonymously, while also giving them access to the internet’s underbelly. The Dark Web is home to numerous marketplaces where hundreds of thousands of users can buy and sell everything from stolen login credentials and hacking tools to drugs and firearms.But not everything is that terrifying, as Deep Web facts show that only 6.7% of Tor’s daily users engage in illegal activity on the Dark Web. The vast majority rely on the Deep Web and the Dark Web to provide them with freedom and anonymity while browsing the internet. More importantly, the darknet is a safe haven for people from countries with oppressive regimes, as it allows them to securely send and receive information and access content that is unavailable where they live.Dark Web Statistics FAQDoes the Dark Web exist anymore?Yes, the Dark Web exists as a small subset of the Deep Web — part of the internet that isn’t indexed by search engines and thus isn’t publicly available. Experts estimate that the Dark Web accounts for no more than 5% of the entire internet.Is the Dark Web dangerous?As home to marketplaces that sell items like illegal drugs and firearms, the Dark Web can be extremely dangerous. Because it is anonymous, it also provides safety to drug dealers, hackers, and other criminals. Finally, besides hosting potentially disturbing materials, the Dark Web is where unassuming users can easily fall victim to malware, viruses, fraudsters, and scammers.Is it illegal to go on the Dark Web?Visiting the Dark Web isn’t illegal in itself, but it is illegal to engage in illicit activity while using it. As for Tor and other anonymous browsers that allow access to the Deep Web and the Dark Web, using them isn’t illegal in most countries. However, anonymous browsers are banned in China, while Russia and some other countries actively block their citizens from using them.What happens if you go to the Dark Web without a VPN?While Tor and similar browsers provide anonymity, some activity may still be visible to your ISP. Experts recommend using a good VPN to encrypt your whole traffic and have an extra layer of security while surfing the Dark Web.SourcesAvastChainalysisCSO OnlineCyber MagazineEuropolForbesKasperskyPNASPrivacy AffairsThe RecordReutersSOCRadarSOCRadarSpiceworksStatistaStatistaStatistaStatistaTor MetricsTulane School of Professional AdvancementWiredZDNETUninsured Rates by State and Key DemographicsHealth insurance in the United States is a critical component of access to healthcare. A significant portion of the population remains uninsured despite various healthcare reforms and the expansion of government programs like Medicaid.March 7th, 2024Debt by State Mapped for 2024This amount represents a 4.5% increase from Q2 2022, when the total consumer debt stood at $16.11 trillion. In turn, the period between Q2 2021 and Q2 2022 saw a higher increase of 7%.February 14th, 2024Analysis of the Current Best Places to Buy a HouseAccording to the most recent estimations, around 100 million of these homes are single-family homes. They account for about 90% of all the housing units in the USA.December 21st, 2023Fascinating Web3 Statistics You Ought to KnowWhile the vast majority of Americans struggle with the meaning of Web3, seven in ten US Internet users also say that they don’t feel in control over how Web2 websites use their data. This suggests that users would like more autonomy, but ignorance is still an issue.January 31st, 2024The Best Free Debt Management ResourcesManaging debt is a critical aspect of financial well-being, and in today's dynamic economic landscape, having access to reliable and free debt management resources can make a significant difference. Fortunately, a plethora of invaluable tools and services are available online without costing a dime.December 7th, 2023Welcome to MoneyzineFor two decades we've been sharing impartial, expert content with our global audience. Find out more about usAs seen inPersonal Finance TemplatesStart TradingTop-Performing Stocks for Day Trading to WatchBest Stocks for Swing Trading and Where to Buy Them Best Automated Trading Apps & PlatformsBest Platforms for Day TradersBest US Trading Platforms and StockbrokersBest Platforms to Trade Options, RankedBest Swap-Free Forex Accounts for US TradersBest Forex Trading Platforms for Beginners RankedBest ETF Platforms and BrokersInvest in CryptoBest Alternatives to Binance to TryBest Dogecoin Exchanges to TryBest Crypto Exchanges, RankedInvest in StocksBest Penny Stocks Under $2 to BuyPromising Penny Stocks Under $1 to BuyThe Best EV Battery Penny Stocks to BuyThe Best Technology Penny StocksThe Most Active Penny StocksThe Best Hydrogen Stocks to BuyNew Penny Stocks to BuySend Money AbroadCheapest Way to Send Money Internationally Send Money to Australia: Easiest Methods and Essential TipsSend Money to Brazil: Cheapest Options and Essential TipsHow to Send Money to MexicoBest Money Transfer Companies for October 2025Popular GuidesPersonal FinanceTop Investments GuidesMoney TransfersBuying a HomeLoan GuidesGopuff Laid Off Nearly 2x More Workers Than Doordash Post PandemicMoneyzine UKVisit Moneyzine UK to learn more about the best UK trading platforms, apps and discover latest guides.Debt Snowball & AvalancheWant to get out of debt this year? This 2 in 1 avalanche and snowball debt payoff spreadsheet is what you need!Grab yours now ContributorsAuthorRadovan SekulicRadovan is a journalism graduate with years of experience as a writer and editor. He loves dabbling in numbers and percentages, interpreting data, and trying to make sense of seemingly complex information and turning this into digestible articles. He is also a pop culture aficionado with boomer taste, and if he's not watching movies or reading on current events, he's probably busy getting cat hair off his furniture.Radovan is a journalism graduate with years of experience as a writer and editor. He loves dabbling in numbers and percentages, interpreting data, and trying to make sense of seemingly complex information and turning this into digestible articles. He is also a pop culture aficionado with boomer taste, and if he's not watching movies or reading on current events, he's probably busy getting cat hair off his furniture.EditorBen MendelowitzFact CheckerKaren IdornKaren Idorn is an experienced PR professional based in London. She is an established writer who always follows the latest trends in the finance industry and concentrates on delivering interesting, valuable content for audiences.Karen Idorn is an experienced PR professional based in London. She is an established writer who always follows the latest trends in the finance industry and concentrates on delivering interesting, valuable content for audiences.contact@moneyzine.comMoneyzine is your trusted partner in financial empowerment. With our comprehensive guides, user-friendly calculators, and expert tips, we're dedicated to helping you navigate and shape your financial future.About UsAbout MoneyzineContact UsFAQsOur Editorial Process LifeAndMyFinances AcquisitionUseful LinksPrivacy StatementAdvertiseDisclaimerCopyright NoticeTerms & ConditionsExplore MoneyzineCredit CardsInvestmentsBankingDebtPersonal FinanceRetirementBuying a HomeCareersFollow usStatisticsEmployee Turnover StatsBYOD StatisticsRemote Work StatisticsLife Insurance StatisticsBurglary StatisticsCryptocurrency StatisticsAccountancy Industry StatisticsOnline Education StatisticsHow Many Emails Are SentWhat Percentage of Startups FailStartup Business StatisticsAffiliate Marketing StatisticsWebsite Load Time StatisticsWordpress StatisticsWix StatisticsAdvertising DisclaimerPlease be aware that some of the links on this site will direct you to the websites of third parties, some of whom are marketing affiliates and/or business partners of this site and/or its owners, operators and affiliates. We may receive financial compensation from these third parties. Notwithstanding any such relationship, no responsibility is accepted for the conduct of any third party nor the content or functionality of their websites or applications. A hyperlink to or positive reference to or review of a broker or exchange should not be understood to be an endorsement of that broker or exchange’s products or services. Risk Warning: Investing in digital currencies, stocks, shares and other securities, commodities, currencies and other derivative investment products (e.g. contracts for difference (“CFDs”) is speculative and carries a high level of risk. Each investment is unique and involves unique risks. CFDs and other derivatives are complex instruments and come with a high risk of losing money rapidly due to leverage. You should consider whether you understand how an investment works and whether you can afford to take the high risk of losing your money. Cryptocurrencies can fluctuate widely in prices and are, therefore, not appropriate for all investors. Trading cryptocurrencies is not supervised by any EU regulatory framework. Past performance does not guarantee future results. Any trading history presented is less than 5 years old unless otherwise stated and may not suffice as a basis for investment decisions. Your capital is at risk. When trading in stocks your capital is at risk. Past performance is not an indication of future results. Trading history presented is less than 5 years old unless otherwise stated and may not suffice as a basis for investment decisions. Prices may go down as well as up, prices can fluctuate widely, you may be exposed to currency exchange rate fluctuations and you may lose all of or more than the amount you invest. Investing is not suitable for everyone; ensure that you have fully understood the risks and legalities involved. If you are unsure, seek independent financial, legal, tax and/or accounting advice. This website does not provide investment, financial, legal, tax or accounting advice. Some links are affiliate links. For more information please read our full risk warning and disclaimer.Moneyzine 2025. All Rights Reserved.